[Python] Added available options and units to metrics documentation (#9598)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/common/metrics/index.mdx

Sentry metrics help you pinpoint and solve issues that impact user experience and app performance by measuring the data points that are important to you. You can track things like processing time, event size, user signups, and conversion rates, then correlate them back to tracing data in order to get deeper insights and solve issues faster.

## Configure Metrics

> You do not need to do anything to enable metrics support, it works out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics is supported out of the box, so you don't need to do anything to enable it. There are some experimental [options](#options) you can use to influence metrics behavior.
```

Author: updated

with sentry_sdk.metrics.timing(key="event_processing_time"):
	process()
```

## Options

> You do not need to do anything to enable metrics support. There are some options you can set/change to influence the metrics behavior. As Metrics is still in the beta phase, those options are under the `_experimental` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following options to set/change the behavior of Metrics. As Metrics is still in the beta phase, these options are under the `_experiments` option.
```

Author: updated

<ConfigKey name="metrics_summary_sample_rate">

The sampling rate for metrics summaries. Float value that defaults to `1.0`.

```python
sentry_sdk.init(
	...
    _experiments={
		"metrics_summary_sample_rate": 0.5,
	}
)
```

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="should_summarize_metric">

> A callback function hat is called with a metric `key` and the `tags` associated with that key. If the callback function returns `True` a summary for the metrics with the given `key` is generated, if the callback function returns `False` no summary of the metric with the given `key` is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback function that is called with a metric `key` and the `tags` associated with that key. If the callback function returns `True`, a summary for the metrics with the given `key` is generated. If the callback function returns `False`, no summary of the metric with the given `key` is generated.
```

Author: updated

In this example only summaries for the metrics with the key `important.metric.key` will be generated:
```python
def should_summarize_metric(key, tags):
	return key == "important.metric.key"

sentry_sdk.init(
	...
    _experiments={
		"should_summarize_metric": should_summarize_metric,
	}
)
```

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="before_emit_metric">

> A callback function that is called before a metric is emmited. If the callback returns `False` the metric is not emitted, if the callback returns `True` the metric is emitted. The given tags can also be updated in the callback function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback function that is called before a metric is emmited. If the callback returns `True`, the metric is emitted. If the callback returns `False`, the metric is not emitted. The given tags can also be updated in the callback function.
```

Author: updated

```python
def before_emit(key, tags):
	if key == "removed-metric":
		return False

	tags["extra"] = "foo"
	del tags["release"]

	return True

sentry_sdk.init(
	...
    _experiments={
		"before_emit_metric": before_emit,
	}
)
```

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="metric_code_locations">

> If `True` the line of code where the metric was emitted will be added to the metric. The code location will be omitted when this option is set to `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `True`, the line of code where the metric was emitted will be added to the metric. If `False`, the code location will be omitted.
```
Would be helpful to add a line saying what the default value is here.

Author: done

```python
sentry_sdk.init(
	...
    _experiments={
		"metric_code_locations": False,
	}
)
```

</ConfigKey>

## Supported Metric Units

Units augment metric values by giving meaning to what otherwise might be abstract numbers. Adding units also allows Sentry to offer controls - unit conversions, filters, and so on - based on those units. For values that are unitless, you can supply an empty string or `none`.

### Duration Units

- `nanosecond`
- `microsecond`
- `millisecond`
- `second`
- `minute`
- `hour`
- `day`
- `week`

### Information Units

- `bit`
- `byte`
- `kilobyte`
- `kibibyte`
- `megabyte`
- `mebibyte`
- `gigabyte`
- `gibibyte`
- `terabyte`
- `tebibyte`
- `petabyte`
- `pebibyte`
- `exabyte`
- `exbibyte`

### Fraction Units

- `ratio`
- `percent`

> If you want to explore further, you can find details about supported units in our [event ingestion documentation](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_metrics/enum.MetricUnit.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about supported units, see our [event ingestion documentation](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_metrics/enum.MetricUnit.html).
```

Author: done.
